### Dr Jorge Boehringer — Post Doctoral Research Associate

Jorge Boehringer is a composer, writer, and multimedia artist whose work instigates and explores instability, contingency, and noise. Jorge investigates time and temporality through the creation and modeling of real and imagined aspects of 'nature' through spatialized sound installation environments. Norths, a recently exhibited collection of sonfication-centred sound and visual installations, interrogates the role of measurement standards in the construction of knowledge, personal identity, and social reality.

Jorge’s musical processes frame vibration-events in the process of being perceived. Jorge composes and records music for large and small ensembles, and, for himself as solo performer (see, for example, his ongoing project *Core of the Coalman*). Jorge is an instrumentalist, regularly performing with viola, viol, guitars, percussion, synthesizers, and other electronic instruments, many of his own design. In addition to music, Jorge also composes texts, including poetry, code, graphic art, and fiction.

Jorge has recently worked as a Research Fellow in Art and Environment for Sensing Remoteness, an interdisciplinary research initiative emerging from the Fine Art department of Northumbria University, and was Research Associate for the Leverhulme funded Radical: A New Interdisciplinary Space for Sonification, and a Research Fellow with Spaes Lab in Berlin, Germany. During his PhD at CeReNem (University of Huddersfield, UK), Jorge studied with Bryn Harrison and Peter Ablinger. He has an Masters of Arts from Mills College (Oakland, CA, USA) where he studied with Pauline Oliveros, Fred Frith, and Alvin Curran, and worked on research residencies with Gordon Mumma, Maryanne Amacher, Paul DeMarinis and Alan Kaprow. He is a committed artist-organizer-activist within the DIY music and art community. More to hear at www.jorgeboehringer.com. 